Now, let's look at another method that we can use to create models.
This method involves using the add method.
Let's see an example.
Here, we are creating a sequential model with no layers.
We can add layers to this model by using the add method.
The add method takes in as argument the layer that you want to add.
Here, we're adding a flattened layer to add network.
Since this model had no previous layer,
then this will be the first layer of add network, and therefore,
we have to specify the shape of our input tensor by using the input shape parameter.
Any subsequent add statement will add a layer after the previous one.
For example, this add statement will add
a dense layer with 32 units after our flattened layer.
Here, we can see a summary of our model.
We can see that the name of this model is sequential_2.
This is because this is the second sequential model in the graph created by tf keras.
The add method can be very useful if you want to create large networks.
For example, let's suppose we wanted to
create a network with a large number of dense layers.
In order to avoid having a large number of add statements,
we can use a for loop. Let's see an example.
Let's create a model that has six hidden layers,
where each of those layers is a dense layer.
Instead of having six lines of code to add those six layers to our network,
we're just going to use a for loop.
To do this, we're going to first make a list that
contains the number of neurons in each of our six dense layers.
Then we're going to create a sequential model with no layers,
and then we're going to use the add method to add the input layer.
Next, we use a for loop that goes through our list and
uses the add method to add this dense layers to add network.
Finally, we add the output layer.
Here, we can see a summary of our model.
This technique can be useful to easily create models with a large number of layers.